Wen Yan, you are so brave
This sentence should be given to you.
Do you unite your elbows?
How many dirty things have you done?
Now that you know
Then I don't need to hide it, right?
Cancer is fine.
Car accident
It's all kept by me living with you
But
Are you the only one who is pitiful?
Even your only friend
I don't mean it to you
What are you doing this for?
Not only
Or the money of the Lu family?
I want both people and money
If you dare to hinder me
Then you have to die
What about grandma?
Why did you hurt grandma?
Who kept that old woman biased?
He's in his seventies and eighties anyway
Dead is dead
You are so vicious
You won't tell me
You really think of your old woman as your own grandmother, don't you?
Go to hell.
Let go let go
What are you doing crazy
Fitness
Don't touch my heart
Lu Jinsheng
The murderer who hurt grandma is right in front of you
You treat him like a baby
That's ok if you don't mind
Then let me avenge everyone